okay all up here up unicorn oh I don't
think Olaf should get to rearrange
doesn't matter this is gonna be a cinch
oh distracted worried
[Music]
as Elsa seemed weird to you she seems
like Elsa there's this voice voice what
does that mean
the kingdom is not safe find who is
calling to you they may have answers
across the enchanted lands and into the
unknown we do this together okay the
spirits will challenge your every step
of the way
[Music]
that's normal
who are you I'm Ola
oh sorry yeah I just find clothes
restricting
should I know what that means
a giant huge
scream
magic disappearing without you she may
lose herself to it
more than anyone or anything
if anyone can save arendelle it's you
how do you guys cope with the ever
increasing complexity of thought that
comes with maturity oh no no no don't
you that you don't know what I stepped
it
you